create DTO to create Customer then another for inserting/ order product

problems--

1. Null Pointer : ArrayList never instantiated
2. SQLException : field value doesn't have a default value
    for Status in Orders table ( PLACED, CANCELLED ) :
        1. when check structure default value for that is null
--------

why infinite recursion
ans : use response DTO then remove Jackson annotation to stop this

to provide role based access : if not granted throw exception @Before

check ----
1. if put @NotNull will it add constraint on table as not null or just to validate & check while taking input only

2. never instantiated orderList ( Customer ) & itemList ( PlaceOrderDTO )
    a. assumption while fetching data even List is not instantiated Jackson just put data in it somehow
    b. while POST req sending data sending inform list of object then it might instantiate & provide data like that

Flow -----

POSTMAN : data send -> Code : get data, work & modify -> Repo / DB: to save it to DB from code

    1. to get Data from POSTMAN no need to instantiate
        -> true, Jackson handles it
    2. CODE : when GET data can fetch result that send from POSTMAN ( means getting only working on current data not saved one (DB) )
        -> partially correct, can work with POSTMAN data & DB data both
    3. DB : but when want to fetch data from DB to work with then List need to be instantiated ( wrong )
        -> Hibernate handles it, no need to be instantiated when fetching or working with DB


Expecting error ----

    1. Get Order list of a Customer & print ( maybe wrong )
    2. Get item list from particular Order  : solved, it'll never come

main question ---
    1. when NullPointerException will come considering didn't instantiate List : done

new learning ----
    1. Order order = new Order(); this is bad approach to mentioned as field

    2. When NPE (Null pointer exception ) will come
        -> when create Object manually, because this object is not loaded from DB so not handled by Hibernate also not came from POSTMAN so not by Jackson either.



